Release: decK 1.28 (#6420)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/deck/reference/deck_konnect_diff.md

## Flags

`-h`, `--help`
:  help for diff 

{% if_version gte:1.16.x %}
`--no-mask-deck-env-vars-value`

> :  do not mask `DECK_` environment variable values at diff output. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  do not mask `DECK_` environment variable values in the diff output. 
```
